Update README.md (#29668)
taosdata/TDengine: tests/README.md

> [!NOTE]
> - The commands and scripts below are verified on Linux (Ubuntu 18.04/20.04/22.04).

> > - taospy and taos-ws-py requires Python 3.7+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [taos-connector-python](https://github.com/taosdata/taos-connector-python) is used by tests written in Python, which requires Python 3.7+.
```
